listen every once in a while there comes
a film that truly encapsulate s-- the
American experience regardless of how
divisive these films are or the bad
reception they may receive these
cinematic masterpieces aren't here to
entertain the standard mortal man but to
cement of statements
Malcolm dealies the night school does
just that let me elaborate America in
the opening frames of this Motion
Picture Kevin Darnell Hart takes a stand
against standardized testing proving
that it's a part of a system rigged
against the average man as he grows up
to wife a successful decorator his
characters subtly named Teddy Walker
gets walked on as society's double
standard stuffs him with norms that he
can't bear as George HW Bush's son once
eloquently said there's an old saying in
Tennessee I know it's in Texas probably
Tennessee this fool me once shame on
shame on you
before we can't get fooled again and
thus teddy goes back to the drawing
board the setting of the night school
clearly symbolizes the second chances we
in America can receive if it wasn't for
the man laying down his wood blacks
Hispanics soccer moms
that's it proves everyone can achieve
greatness if we all just work together
and commit crimes that benefit the
betterment of society no other film in
the history of American cinema has been
able to get to the heart of the subject
like heavens has how the will a man can
be pushed to his limits until he breaks
through Henry Fonda and Grapes of Wrath
Humphrey Bogart in Casablanca Kevin Hart
as Teddy Walker night schools mrs. scene
alone proves that this is American
movies trash go watch searching instead
you